I've been found at many jumps that have been brought
that they're not true, don't trust anyone, not even yours
parents my mother told me that it is difficult, a really must
pissed off so i turned to a living
hygienic self-experiment this is my 6th
so this modern shave is necessarily a good throw
[Music]
what do you hear [music]
and the wiser one, but I can't attach mama to either
us the deluge because of me my father [music]
everyone was hoping that I would forget
I often mix up reality and dreams
mainly because of the many drugs they have taken
Yes
[Music] you can cap my stomach
[Music] I should be given the trip
which one had just cut away the romanas today nice that is further in that
highly infectious material so go and deal with it accordingly
crass top priority that was to have me
is tight
[Music]